Hello Songs of SPM,

This is a message on behalf of Paldogangsan, Still With You, Outro: Wings and Interlude: Shadow of the SPM admin team about an important issue that has caused great concern regarding the safety of our community.

As admins of SPM, part of our role is to curate and protect the safe space we are making for ARMY, songs and non-songs alike. You might have been contacted by several parties and told a version of a story, we will do our best to tell you our own with the honesty and transparency the admin team swore to uphold.

It came to our attention that a member of our community had been behaving in such a way that an Army was feeling unsafe, unsettled, scared and anxious, and wary of the entire song community. They provided proof of stalking and online harassment, as well a gaslighting done by the person currently impersonating as Lonely in our community, and asked if Lonely’s real identity was indeed the person they were suspicious of.

After much discussion and arguing, Paldo and Suwu decided to confirm Lonely’s identity to the Army who had asked about it based on strong suspicions. They were fully aware this was a violation of the song’s privacy but deemed it necessary to ensure the Army and the community’s safety. This was definitely a mistake on their part. In that regard, we do want to stress out that we do NOT and won’t ever give out private information lightly.

Being provided with only facts and no names at first, most of the admin team at first recognised the severity of the case. But as soon as Lonely’s name was dropped, Dulset, Trivia Love and Bicycle got defensive and went back on their words. This conversation started on July the 20th, and from this day onwards, the 7 admins spent entire days arguing over the matter, with two clear opposing sides and little to no progress.

We were very sad to discover that Dulsie, Trivie and Bibi kept doubting the Army’s words as well as their fellow admins’. During the days the argument lasted, they kept discrediting trauma and mental illnesses by belittling the other admins or being condescending, condoning stalking and harassment, downplaying the proof of Lonely gaslighting the Army (“it’s not that extreme”) and even trying to gaslight the rest of us.

This situation has been deeply upsetting for everyone and eventually triggering past traumas for us, four out of seven admins — some of them even chose to share their experiences to explain their standing on the matter. And yet Dulsie, Trivie and Bibi didn’t seem to care that Lonely’s behavior was hurting four to five other people either directly or by proxy, deeming us too caught up in our own traumas and personal issues to make a rational decision. They have been feeding a subjective narrative for their own convenience, turning the admin hall into a space where everyone else didn’t feel comfortable speaking freely in fear of being unheard or shut down. They accused us of being irrational, immature, emotionally driven, and biased — until we discovered that the three of them are actually friends with Lonely and were simply covering for them.

We, Paldo, Suwu, Wings and Shadow do not and cannot condone online stalking and harassment and as such, we have determined that Lonely's behaviour, as well as the biased and eager support shown by Dulsie, Trivie and Bibi, represent a severe violation of our community's safety and projects a bad image of the Mansion and the other songs.

It is with a heavy heart but a clear and resolute mind that we came to the final decision to remove Lonely from the SPM community and are seriously considering removing Dulsie, Trivie and Bibi as well. They will be removed from the twt list, SPM7 admin twt account, and both STT and SPM discord servers.

We will not ask you to block any of them from your song account, whether you choose to personally remove them from your space is entirely up to you.


We have made mistakes, are owning to them, and are asking for your understanding and forgiveness. There was definitely a LOT to learn from this situation, and, should you choose to go forward with us, we will keep doing our best together to create and protect the safe place you envision SPM to be.

Sincerely,
Paldo, Suwu, Wings and Shadow
